Add Qiskit Docs Guide (#173)
Qiskit/qiskit_sphinx_theme: README.md

# qiskit_sphinx_theme
The Sphinx theme for the Qiskit documentation.

## Overview

> This repository hosts three things: Qiskit Sphinx theme
> ([qiskit_sphinx_theme](/qiskit_sphinx_theme/) folder), Sample Docs ([docs](/docs) folder) and Qiskit
> Docs Guide ([docs_guide](/docs_guide/) folder). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository hosts three things: 
- Qiskit Sphinx theme (located in the [qiskit_sphinx_theme](`/qiskit_sphinx_theme/`) folder)
- Sample Docs (located in the [docs](`/docs`) folder)
- Qiskit Docs Guide (located in the [docs_guide](`/docs_guide/`) folder)
```
